front and rear calipers both fit the
same way both are fitted with the five
millimeter allen key for fitting just
introduce a small amount of grease into
each mounting point on the brain this
prevents any danger of the break from
the bolt from seizing into the drain
after the break ups the mounting point
screw the first bulb through ensuring
that you have the lock washer and the
load spreading washer in the right
sequence
once you've got the top bolt roughly in
place fit the lower bolt don't type not
fully as yet
you then use two floating caliper bolts
in order to help you to set the caliper
central to the rose
we normally recommend making adjustments
around about half a turn
once you've got the caliper roughly
centered over the rotor tighten mounting
bolts top and bottom taking up a small
amount of thread on each before doing
the final tightening
and then use the float box to accurately
place the caliper over the rotor
correctly place counter put and allow
the roses to spin freely between the
pads
I'm sorry